o people of YouTube this is a very view
of Jamie so 32 and these are my brothers
packs of jameson there too we went to
toys r us today and spend some of our
money that we got for christmas and i
got i got a good fall bucks and now i'm
spending it on some sharp XE guards were
freaking to prac today yeah i'll just
leave the 2-pack okay first but my boss
saw gave me I wanted them but I didn't
have yeah is um friday the system mine
and I've been ringing for in for so long
not just be so long gone and also sour
snail it is are all of this to backs
knocked in and I fish on me so snows i
already got disguiser and put him in
that training pile I will do an update
view of all of mine okay see ya there
now suddenly was a 12 pack which i think
is most exciting he had a couple that I
really wanted unfortunately I got some
better things yeah he got out something
else I got something better yeah
something really better first one
Lincoln Stein the ultra-rare Rankin
Stein I really want that guy's you have
a minute risk a butyl it bends I am NOT
gonna trade if you find any over here
they want to trade maybe hey monkey
maggot I don't have him yet I already
have out trash so I already have them I
mean ah here he hasn't begun let's see
if I want to try got oh wait I already
got these to say we put the move now
wait I I'll want to trade all trash Oh
Jeffrey oh that's what you wanted yeah
I'll trade him something okay I put in
my hair um next time all for pie yep you
got they hear what you trade me say yes
first not yo snorting yeah chicken
chicken we can put over here yep if you
want second chicken for rank and steiner
min skat hey we got this I know the rest
the ones that was showing okay ready
fast bottle so look out for red bash
bottle and what others show me now and
then here's another one
just randomly phones this is not showing
rancid steak guys if you have them and
you want second chicken for him I'll
trade scabby cat already have so right
there scabby I have two new now okay
mm-hmm see if you want to get back at
this one has to be I here's one another
one that was showing foul nugget is
showing that H last but not least i
think this is good one isn't it I
thought is oh yes not its new people
wait let me see tape I already have this
so Lyceum oh that's high blue paper RT
so we'll throw them the thing if you
want to trade any of these treasures
that are over here no I'm not I'm
talking about if you go right here oh oh
yeah yeah and these are gonna be oh you
want so yeah I'm probably am are you so
if you want to trade any of these I'll
will trade with you all coordinate all
right so nothing to clear up for my
exciting Trashies and I mean exciting
people exciting I will give you a sneak
peek better than an ultra rare and
better than a special edition what is it
you'll find out soon enough after you
tune it all right so I think that's
pretty much all I community for now so
this is jamison 32 signing out